[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
western thriller film westworld
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
in the future year of 1983 thanks to the
high-tech advancement
people can enjoy their vacations in more
diverse ways
than ever before to attract more
tourists
the businessmen develop an adult
amusement park called delos
which features three highly realistic
worlds medieval world
the roman world and the western world
the residents of these worlds are all
programmed robots with high intelligence
while the human tourists can pay to
visit those worlds for their dreams
but they can't pursue or imagine in the
real world without violation of any
binding laws and rules
promulgated in human society
peter just gets divorced from his wife
and is eager to find some funds
to distract himself from the depressions
right at that time our friend john
invites him to visit delos park
they decide to enter the western world
hoping to experience the so-called
utmost freedom
and primitive violence of the western
lifestyle
later they take a shuttle to the tourist
center for cloth changing
they all dress up as a real western
cowboy with long boots
hats and most importantly the western
style revolving pistols
with all set they end the western world
peter is shocked to find the western
style settings everywhere
he's lit up soon by such a fantastic
realistic world
because of his virgin visit while john a
repeat visitor there
has already become familiar with the
settings he then takes peter to a pub to
grab some drinks
right then a robot gunslinger comes in
and tries to provoke peter on purpose
in both body gestures and words knowing
that this is just a set duel for
amusement
peter builds up his courage from john
and falls into gunfire with the robot
guy
as expected peter terminates the robot
gunslinger very easily
the first killing turns to be so real
and bloody making peter confused and
lost for a while
but john calms him down and tells him
the weapons are all designed with a
protection mechanism
that could only be triggered to shoot
the cold bloody robots
while not harm humans with high body
temperature
later that evening john takes peter to a
brothel for some hormone fun
peter can't hold his desires any longer
and shows his exceptional taste to an
old style street girl
he then rushes his hormones with a robot
fantastic but too fast
two minutes later however peter is
exhausted and falls asleep
soon just leaving the robot street girl
shocked and confused
meanwhile on the other side the damaged
robots are reclaimed as scheduled
and taken back to the factory for
maintenance by the parks maintenance
team
learning of the recent increasing
malfunction rate of robots
the supervisor raises his concerns
believes that the park should take
actions to lower the malfunction rate
before it's losing control after urgent
maintenance of the damaged robots
the three worlds are recovered to
business the next day
while peter is lingering on the
aftertaste of his fast hormone exercise
last night
the recovered robot gunslinger breaks
into john's room
and tries to take revenge against the
nasty two
fortunately peter overhears the
confrontation
and rushes to shoot dead the robot guy
because of that peter is later sent into
prison for punishment
in order to save peter out john asks an
attendant to help deliver bombs secretly
to peter
expectedly the prison is blasted open
peter escapes out
and takes the horse prepared by john who
kills the chasing police before running
for life
they run all the way to a desert where
they take a break
and feel extremely satisfied by the
plots they've experienced
right then john gets attacked and
injured by a robot rattlesnake
making them begin to worry about the
injury that is not supposed to happen in
the realistic world
due to the setting that the robots could
never cause harm to people
noticing that the park supervisor orders
to have a thorough check on the robot
snake
but finds no technical issues he then
proposes to shut down the park
temporarily for the safety concern
but gets rejected by the board who seem
to care about the revenue
only as more and more robots are found
malfunction
the technical team rushed the hour to
troubleshoot the technical issues
but still could not spot out any
meanwhile in the medieval world
a tourist plays the king in a programmed
fight and is supposed to defeat a
rebellious robot knight
so as to get his reward during the
following fight
however no matter how hard he tries the
man can't take any edge over the robot
and loses the fight in the end and to
everyone's shock
he even gets stabbed to death the
technical team try to shut down the
rampaging robot
but to no success for the robot is now
not under their control anymore
without any choice the supervisor orders
to turn off the main power of the whole
park
which however ends up making the
situation worse
the robots powered by spare batteries
run them up without surveillance
and begin their attack on the panic
tourists the same occurs in the roman
world
where robots attacked armed tourists
during the chaos
many innocent tourists lose their lives
what's worse due to the power outage and
the maintenance team are all locked
inside the control room automatically
and they are suffocating due to lack of
oxygen inside
meanwhile in the western world when
peter and john are wandering on the
street
they run into the robot gunslinger again
who traces them down
and attempts to challenge them to a
cowboy-like showdown
not knowing the chaos happens somewhere
john rises to the challenge bravely
but instantly gets killed before he
could draw his gun
peter is horrified by the sudden
accident after confirming his friend is
dead as
he struggles to run for his life in fear
and despair
but is followed tightly by the
gunslinger who's updated with infrared
scanners
after escaping out of the small town
peter encounters a panicked maintenance
guy during his runaway
and turns more desperate when learning
the parks losing control of the robots
the guy tries to share with peter some
ways
which might help destroy the crazy
robots but is soon killed by the
gunslinger
coming in the far distance peter
continues his escape
and finally makes it to the roman world
at the other side where he only finds
the roman world turned into a mess
with dead bodies lying everywhere
moments later peter discovers a manhole
he then takes shelter inside and follows
the underground tunnel
all the way to the control center he
wants to ask for help from the park
management
but only finds the maintenance staff
have all been suffocated to death
seeing the robot is still chasing behind
peter has to depend
on his own later he comes to a
maintenance workshop
where he finds many containers with
acetic acid
as he hears the footsteps approaching
the ear peter lies on the desk
in the guise of a damaged robot and
sprays all the acid liquid at the
gunslinger
while the acid slows down the gunslinger
peter takes the chance to flee away
however the robot guy follows up soon
with the aid of infrared scanners
in despair here races all the way to a
castle in the medieval world
where he sees the robot queen and knight
stay still due to the dead batteries
right there the gunslinger approaches
near however
due to the disruptions from the flaming
torches the gunslinger could not locate
peter this time
even through its thermal sensor as a
result
peter stands still and takes a chance to
set the gunslinger into a big fire
as peter walks through a gateway of the
dungeon he hears cries for help from a
dying girl
who's enslaved there so he saves the
girl
and feeds her with some water which
however only causes short cuts to her
and makes her collapse totally he's then
astonished to realize that the girl is
actually a robot
right at that time that charred up
gunslinger shows up before peter
but fortunately can't make any attacks
on him this time
soon it breaks down and collapses into
pieces
in the end after surviving the whole
disaster
peter feels extremely exhausted and lies
down
with the ironic promotion slogan for the
amusement park looming in his head
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out